Add splunk tag (#16)
Microsoft/opensource-tags: tags/splunk.md

---
name: splunk
displayName: Splunk

> description: A schema-less search engine with very easy to use propietary query language that makes aggregations a seasy as it can get.

Reviewer: typo on easy and proprietary

```suggestion
description: A schema-less search engine with very easy to use proprietary query language that makes aggregations as easy as it can get.
```

---

> A schema-less search engine with very easy to use propietary query language that makes aggregations a seasy as it can get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A schema-less search engine with very easy to use proprietary query language that makes aggregations as easy as it can get.
```
